README.md, before:

# 2023-20-11

Rewritten solution for lab_01 and the report is updated.

# 2023-09-11

Added new folder lab_01. In the lab_01 folder, one file for laboratory task is added (lab_01.py).

# 2023-02-11

Added new folder topic_07.  In the topic_7 folder, one file for the third task is added (task_3.py) and a folder for the fourth task task_4 with four files calc.py, operations.py, functions.py and calc.log(logs of the program) respectively, which were given in the lecture. Two other tasks are reflected in the report.

# 2023-25-10

Added new folder topic_06.  In the topic_6 folder, one file for the first task is added (task_1.py) and a folder for the second task task_2 with four files calc.py, operations.py, functions.py and calc.log(logs of the program) respectively, which were given in the lecture.

# 2023-18-10

Added new folder topic_05.  In the topic_5 folder, two files for two tasks are added (task_1.py, task_2.py) and a folder for third task task_3 with three files calc.py, operations.py, functions.py respectively, which were given in the lecture.

# 2023-11-10
Added new folder topic_04. In topic_04 one new file task_1.py.  This .py file contains solutions to the first, second tasks, which were given in the lecture. Also (task 3), I read the list of exceptional situations at the link given in the lecture.

# 2023-04-10

Added new folder topic_03. In topic_03 four new files task_1.py, task_2.py, task_3.py, task_4.  These four .py files contain solutions to the first(task_1.py), second task(task_2.py), third task(task_3.py), fourth task(task_4.py) respectively, which were given in the lecture.

# 2023-27-09

Added new folder topic_02. In topic_02 three new files task_1.py, task_2.py, task_3.py.  These three .py files contain solutions to the first(task_1.py), second tasks(task_2.py and task_3.py), respectively, which were given in the lecture.

# 2023-21-09

Added new folder topic_01. In topic_01 added three new files task_1.py, task_2.py, task_3.py.  These three .py files contain solutions to the first, second, and third tasks, respectively, which were given in the lecture.

# TP-KB-221-Danylo-Sykylinda

Commit message:

Solution for lab_02 (#2)
* Solution for lab_02

* Solution for lab_02

* Updated solution for lab_02

* Updated test.py in lab_02

* Звіт

* Added solution for lab_02

README.md, after:

# 2023-07-12

Added new folder lab_02. In the lab_02 folder, four file for laboratory task are added (lab_02.py and test.py, and lab2.csv, and test_lab2.csv).

# 2023-20-11

Rewritten solution for lab_01 and the report is updated.

# 2023-09-11

Added new folder lab_01. In the lab_01 folder, one file for laboratory task is added (lab_01.py).

# 2023-02-11

Added new folder topic_07.  In the topic_7 folder, one file for the third task is added (task_3.py) and a folder for the fourth task task_4 with four files calc.py, operations.py, functions.py and calc.log(logs of the program) respectively, which were given in the lecture. Two other tasks are reflected in the report.

# 2023-25-10

Added new folder topic_06.  In the topic_6 folder, one file for the first task is added (task_1.py) and a folder for the second task task_2 with four files calc.py, operations.py, functions.py and calc.log(logs of the program) respectively, which were given in the lecture.

# 2023-18-10

Added new folder topic_05.  In the topic_5 folder, two files for two tasks are added (task_1.py, task_2.py) and a folder for third task task_3 with three files calc.py, operations.py, functions.py respectively, which were given in the lecture.

# 2023-11-10
Added new folder topic_04. In topic_04 one new file task_1.py.  This .py file contains solutions to the first, second tasks, which were given in the lecture. Also (task 3), I read the list of exceptional situations at the link given in the lecture.

# 2023-04-10

Added new folder topic_03. In topic_03 four new files task_1.py, task_2.py, task_3.py, task_4.  These four .py files contain solutions to the first(task_1.py), second task(task_2.py), third task(task_3.py), fourth task(task_4.py) respectively, which were given in the lecture.

# 2023-27-09

Added new folder topic_02. In topic_02 three new files task_1.py, task_2.py, task_3.py.  These three .py files contain solutions to the first(task_1.py), second tasks(task_2.py and task_3.py), respectively, which were given in the lecture.

# 2023-21-09

Added new folder topic_01. In topic_01 added three new files task_1.py, task_2.py, task_3.py.  These three .py files contain solutions to the first, second, and third tasks, respectively, which were given in the lecture.

# TP-KB-221-Danylo-Sykylinda
